Hi, everyone! I will talk about the PCB design with my partner Yihang. Our PCB design consisits of 5 parts:..... As you can see, here is the figure of our PCB device schematic. In the following pages I will introduce some subsystems module for more details.

The first part is the power supply. We need supply power to the modules and sensors of the whole system. And in this system we need 3.3V for WIFI MODULE our control ship, and sensor module VCC input. Therefore, we consider to use a 5V battery and a 5V-3.3V voltage regulator to implement the power supply. One thing worth to be noticed is we should fixed the power module well since our project aims at testing on a bicycle and we need to avoid poor connection during the cycling process. 

The second part is the control module  & the WIFI module. . To allow the data collected from the sensors to be saved temporarily and transmitted it to the cloud server, our group consider to use a microcontroller to do that. To connect with different modules of the system, the control ship should have enough pins number, at least 20 pins based on calculation. And it should support the wifi module to upload the data and meanwhile have some indication on the status about whether it successfully read data from the sensor. Based on the above requirements we choose stem32F103C. This ship also support arduino IDE, which is convienient for our group to do programming. For the WIFI module, Our group choose to use ESP8266 ship. After connecting this ship to the microcontroller, this ship can allow the data to be sent to a cloud server. And we will do some programming on this web server. This part will be introduced in the server part by my partner, YiChen.

The third part is sensors module. Our group choose to use a NEO-6M GPS  Module to get the location information. This module can fetch the location by its inserted components, meanwhile it offers an convienient programming library to get the data we need, such as as latitude, longitude and altitude along with time. The biggest requirement for this module is the accuracy of location updated since we need to detect the vehicle' correct position on a road and sent these data to be processed. Then how can our design detect the road anomalies and the related design will be introduced by my partner Yihang.

